Aeryth is supposedly a dark personality of mine that eventually evened out his anger and enraged-self and became
more of a wise, helping, and caring person. If I go back to when it all started in March 2020, The story begins.


I was first having signs that I have an alternate personality but I actually didn't know at the time I just assumed
it was puberty mood swings or regular mood swings. As time went on, I eventually noticed I was talking to myself often 
when I was alone or bored and that's when I knew I had an alternate personality. If we jump to mid 2020, I eventually 
gained another personality. That story and personality will be mentioned in another time. For now though, Aeryth started
as an aggressive personality. He would fight to stand his ground and would often. This was very rough.
During these times, I lost a lot of friends since they were unaware of who Aeryth was. Even I myself, didn't know.
It was until I lost the last good friend I had to come to my senses and found out that I definitely had a seperate personality.
By putting two and two together, I knew I had an alternate personality. Childhood trauma, Often Heavy Mood changes, Mindset Switches.
At the time, This was the worst possible thing that could happen since I lost everyone. Throughout 2020 and most of 2021, I gained more personalities.
August 2021 was when I started getting the friends I lost back. By then, I had a full understanding of Aeryth and we had gotten along better.
At the time I had around 4 or 5 personalities so I created a "team" called the "Phoenixes". I was the Owner or "Host" since the personalities were from me.
I hosted the personalities meaning I was the reason they were live. Aeryth was the first ever meaning to me. He meant a lot and cared about me.
He was always there for me and that's when I realized that I actually had people who cared about me. Aeryth taught me how to accept those who help me.
At the time, Whenever suggested I should take therapy, I would get very, and I mean VERY pissed. My best friend knows this too. 
Aeryth was the best thing that ever happened.


Thank you.. Aeryth.